== Description ==
We are trying to model unix file utilities.  Currently this includes...

* find - finding files and outputting their workspace IDs to the console
* ls - listing files, whether one file or a directory
* rm - removing files based on a workspace ID
* cat - concatenate a file using binary format, so as to maintain perfect checksum matching.

The project is currently in it's infancy, and is mostly just hacked together.
Contributions are encouraged; just fork it and request a merge.

== Usage ==
Running the commands without arguments will display help.

git clone git@github.com:TrentonAdams/cmis-utils.git
cd cmis-utils
npm install

Configure the cmis-user.json as shown in the example.

 {
   "username": "admin",
   "password": "admin",
   "url": "http://localhost:8080/alfresco/cmisbrowser"
 }


* node cmisfind.js /Sites/some-site -name '%.html'
* node cmisls.js /Sites/some-site
* node cmisrm.js "workspace://SpacesStore/3a2bcd68-aabc-42ed-8229-bf8237aa59b7;1.0"
* node cmiscat.js "workspace://SpacesStore/3a2bcd68-aabc-42ed-8229-bf8237aa59b7;1.0"
* node cmisfind.js /Sites/some-site -name '%.html' | while read -r file; do echo node cmisrm.js -v "$file"; done

Note that rm and cat use workspace ids instead of paths for efficiency reasons.
If you need to delete several thousand files, it would take longer to lookup the
ID from the name and then delete it.  So, they are expected to take input from
the find command.  There's nothing saying we can't make it support both though.